updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#15945)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/configuring-tracking-for-a-workflow.md

```

> [!NOTE]

> > For more information on tracking profiles, refer to [Tracking Profiles](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/tracking-profiles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For more information on tracking profiles, refer to [Tracking Profiles](tracking-profiles.md).
```
